Updated documentation to make it clear how to use multidimensional lists (#2368)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/types.rst

    # Returning a value
    return exampleList[0]

Multidimensional lists are also possible. The notation for the declaration is reversed compared to some other languages, but the access notation is not reversed.

> A two dimensional list can be declared with ``_name: _ValueType[_Column_Integer][_Row_Integer]``. Elements can be accessed with ``_name: _ValueType[_Row_Integer][_Column_Integer]``.

Reviewer: Instead of using "row" and "column", use "inner" and "outer"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A two dimensional list can be declared with ``_name: _ValueType[inner_size][outer_size]``. Elements can be accessed with ``_name[outer_index][inner_index]``.
```
